Headless priority class fix (#693)
opencadc/arcade: deployment/helm/README.md

    # See https://www.ivoa.net/documents/GMS/20220222/REC-GMS-1.0.html#tth_sEc3.2
    adminsGroup: "ivo://example.org/gms?prototyping-groups/mini-src/platform-users"

>     # Group URI for users to preempt headless jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Group URI for that allow members to run headless jobs.
```

    # See https://www.ivoa.net/documents/GMS/20220222/REC-GMS-1.0.html#tth_sEc3.2

>     headlessGroup: "ivo://example.org/gms?prototyping-groups/mini-src/platform-users"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    headlessGroup: "ivo://example.org/gms?skaha-headless-users"
```
